EDU-15800: Implementing refresh token (guide) (#2102)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/security/enabling-refresh-token.mdx

---
title: "Enabling refresh token on FastStore"
---

[Refresh token](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/refresh-token-flow-for-headless-implementations) is a security mechanism that allows users to obtain a new, short-lived access token without requiring them to log in again.

> The [FastStore SDK Session](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/sdk-overview#session) abstracts the [refresh token](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/refresh-token-flow-for-headless-implementations) flow logic and handles the refresh token flow, including token renewal, session management, and error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [FastStore SDK Session](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/sdk-overview#session) includes built-in support for the [refresh token](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/refresh-token-flow-for-headless-implementations) flow. It automatically manages token renewal, session management, and error handling.
```

> As a FastStore user, you only need to enable the refresh token in your project, without building the flow logic from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a FastStore user, you only need to enable the refresh token in your project configuration. The SDK will manage the process automatically, without requiring custom flow implementation.
```
